epic_sd_afflict.uti		ESS Afflict
epic_sd_animate.uti		ESS Animate
epic_sd_animdead.uti	ESS Animate Dead
epic_sd_armor.uti		ESS Armor
epic_sd_banish.uti		ESS Banish
epic_sd_compel.uti		ESS Compel
epic_sd_conceal.uti		ESS Conceal
epic_sd_conjure.uti		ESS Conjure
epic_sd_contact.uti		ESS Contact
epic_sd_delude.uti		ESS Delude
epic_sd_destroy.uti		ESS Destroy
epic_sd_dispel.uti		ESS Dispel
epic_sd_energy.uti		ESS Energy
epic_sd_foresee.uti		ESS Foresee
epic_sd_fortify.uti		ESS Forify
epic_sd_heal.uti		ESS Heal
epic_sd_life.uti		ESS Life
epic_sd_light.uti		ESS Light
epic_sd_oppos.uti		ESS Opposition
epic_sd_reflect.uti		ESS Reflect
epic_sd_reveal.uti		ESS Reveal
epic_sd_shadow.uti		ESS Shadow
epic_sd_slay.uti		ESS Slay
epic_sd_summon.uti		ESS Summon
epic_sd_time.uti		ESS TIme
epic_sd_transfrm.uti	ESS Transform
epic_sd_transprt.uti	ESS Transport
epic_sd_ward.uti		ESS Ward